# nutriscore

## Part 4

This part corresponds to the creation of the models Neo, Nei and New Neo.

To run the code and create all the graph, you need to run main.py.

This part is composed of several files:

- Nei.py Neo.py and new_Neo.py computes for a product (i.e. row in the dataset) the Neo, Nei and new Neo scores.

- nutriscore_points.py : computes the score for each nutrient (salt, sugar, ...) depending on its quantity in 100g of end product. This way of computing it is the nutriscore one. It is used for Neo and Nei
- nutrient_new_points.py : computes the score for each nutrient depending on its quantity in 100g of end product. The score is based on quantiles of the whole dataset. It is used in New Neo.

- nutriscore_category.py : redefines the categories (a to e) for nutriscore using the same approach as for Neo (quantiles)

- plots.py : plots all the graphs present in the report

- table_update_Nei_Neo.py : generates a dataset composed of the previous one with additional columns corresponding to Neo score, Nei score and New Neo score.

- comparison_with_nutriscore.py: compares Neo/Nei with nutriscore.




## Part 5

This part corresponds to the creation of ELECTRE-Tri models. 

The main file is Main.py. It defines the parameters and can call the following functions:
- save_total_sorts from Storage.py. This function aims to generate the ELECTRE-Tri models and store them in the Sorts folder.
- final_compare and stats_total_sorts from Model_comparison.py
- total_categories_comparison from Category_study.py

The ELECTRE-Tri models are stored in .csv files containing the original dataset and an additional column with the products’ categories generated by the model.

The models are then compared regarding 3 main axis:

- their distribution (in Model_comparison.py): stats_total_sorts function
- their order using pairwise comparison (in Model_comparison.py): final_compare function
- their categories, especially the average amount of each nutritional feature in each category (in Category_study.py): total_category_comparison function

The other files:
- parameter_creation.py generates the models’ limiting profiles
- MajoritySorting.py contains the generation of Majority Sorting models (not used)
- ELECTRE_Tri.py contains the functions PessimisticElectreSorting and OptimisticElectreSorting used to compute the ELECTRE-Tri models.


## Part 6
- This part contains implementation of Machine learning algorithm. There is one ipython notebook which contains the implementation of ML algorithm.
- Source.gv.pdf shows the final tree.
- results.csv is the prediction of nutriscore for whole data.
